add some basic documentation (#54)
legend-exp/legend-pygeom-hpges: docs/source/manual.rst

            },
        },
    }

.. note::
    Currently bege, icpc, ppc and coax geometries are implemented as well as a few LEGEND detectors with special geometries.
    Different geometries can be implemented as subclasses deriving from ``legendhpges.base.HPGe``.

The different keys of the dictionary describe the different aspects of the geometry.
Some are self explanatory, for others:

- "production": gives information on the detector production, we need the "enrichment" to define the detector material,
- "geometry"  : gives the detector geometry in particular, "groove" and "pp_contact" describe the contacts of detector.

Other fields can be added to describe different geometry features (more details in the legend metadata documentation).

Constructing the HPGe object
----------------------------

The HPGe object can be constructed from the metadata with:

.. code-block:: python

    from legendhpges import make_hpge
    import pyg4ometry as pg4

    reg = pg4.geant4.Registry()
    hpge = make_hpge(metadata, name="det_L")

The metadata can either be passed as a python dictionary or a path to a JSON file.

Detector properties
-------------------

> Most detectors are described by a ``G4GenericPolycone`` `(polcyone-docs) <https://pyg4ometry.readthedocs.io/en/stable/autoapi/pyg4ometry/geant4/solid/GenericPolycone/index.html#module-pyg4ometry.geant4.solid.GenericPolycone>`_

Reviewer: also use an intersphinx link here
```suggestion
Most detectors are described by a ``G4GenericPolycone`` (:class:`pyg4ometry.geant4.solid.GenericPolycone`)
```

that will only work after a rebase onto the just merged #55
